This includes a simple owner kiosk, when user can send secure keys to some customer over web and lock he door from remotely.


For running this project, download it as zip and import it as maven project or clone it using the clone url
For implementation purpose The frontend and backend are running on same localhost server. In real scenario when owner and 
customers are not in same location, both application server should be different and should communicate using web over socket client methods

Once imported successfully, Run this as 'run at server'. I have used tomcat for running this project.

Please put the url "http://localhost:7070/Grabhouse/" for owner side, and "http://localhost:7070/Grabhouse/clientpage.html" for customer side


The flow of application is as follows

On customer side, customer can initiate a key request by pressing "Request Owner" button, this will send a request and on Owner side,
owner can look for request by clicking on Request check.
Once the request is got, he can generate keys for lock by clicking "Generate lock key".

Key will be generated and owner can send the one time key to customers. The same key customer can use for unlocking the door.
Once the visit is finish, owner can lock the door by clicking on "Lock House". This will lock the house and it will be available 
for next customer request.

The key generated here is one time key, and it should be generated through lock only.
even if key is valid but not generated by lock yet, the lock unlock will not work


for more information please mail me at "kdheeraj.cse@gmail.com"







